Robot controller IP: 172.31.1.147
RSI Sensor IP: 192.168.1.100

To connect to controller from your machine, type the following in Windows file explorer:
\\172.31.1.147
It may then prompt you to input login credentials. USe the following account and password:
kukauser
68kuka1secpw59

RSI Interface:

For the example, use the TestServer located in the DOC folder extracted from the robot
On the controller, run the RSI_Ethernet program located in R1/Program on the controller.
Make sure it gets to the RSI_MOVECORR() command before you can actually read anything on the TestServer interface on your PC

We think that the GUI software writes the xxx.rsi.xml and xxx.diagram files from user input, and the generates the xxx.rsi file which is loaded in software (correct)

In xxx.rsi, each rSIElement defines which other elements its own inputs are connected to. All rSIElements declare inputs and/or outputs

In the example, whatever appears in the log of the GUI interface on the server on your PC is the actual XML formatted message that is sent/received to/from the robot controller

IPOC is a timestamp automatically generated by KUKA. When we want to use RSI, we first have to receive the timestamp and then send the data we want to send with the same timestamp.
The controller then automatically calculates the time difference between the message it sent and the message it received from the IPOC-ID. If it does not adhere to the cycletime
restrictions, then the message is invalid.

For the .xml-file:

	NOTE! Everything is seen from the perspective of the controller, meaning that the send-element contains the attributes the controller sends to the server,
	and vice versa for the receive element.

	Consists of three parts:
	
	1. Config element. Most of the attributes are self-explanetory, but the IP-address is the the one of the server (Our PC)
	
	2. Send element. Consists of the stuff the controller wants to send to the server (Our PC).
	   
	3. Receive element. Consists of the stuff we want to send to the controller.
	
	The Send and Receive elements consist of thee parts:
	"Tag" is just the name of the variable that appears on the PC. You can send global variables which are defined by the "DEF_" keyword, e.g. "DEF_RIst" which is the actual cartesian posisiton of the robot.
	"Type" is the datatype of the variable.
	"Index" is what maps it to the inputs/outputs of the ETHERNET-blocks in the .rsi file
	